You are looking for death!
Will the problem be eliminated? The process!
Dare to send me something!
Who are we? You don’t need to know who I am?
I dare to ignore you!
I dare to touch you as a true adult.
Then your desire to die is justified.
Is it so dangerous for me?
Isn't this dangerous?
Queen, tell me, why is Chen Die this Chen Die?
Please remove the unscrupulous,
please, please, please,
Please, please give birth! You do it
You are so helpful to death
You are also counted, right?
He also asked the Queen of Heaven to let me hear the destroyer
You are the total difficulty level for you
if i tell you
See me for total difficulty level
Also face destruction
But seriously crazy
Where can one's karma come out after retirement?
Why are you still driving all the way?
You are a fool
Listen, I hear the breaker, try it
Actually I'm not sure either
Is it possible to start broadcasting?
You wait for your departure
Feeling good about myself
You made it impossible for my whole family to go bankrupt today
I will send me out today